Improve Readme file (#21)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-health.fhir.r4: README.md

    bal pack ./uscore501
    ```
- To build the FHIR service:
    - Navigate to `fhirr4` and run the following command
    
    ```shell
    mvn clean install
    ```

>     - To push fhirservice packages to the Ballerina central or the local repository, navigate to the `fhirr4/ballerina/target/classes` directory and run the Ballerina push command

Reviewer: fhirr4 /ballerina/target/classes/fhirservice

    ```shell

>     bal push

Reviewer: let's separate the commands.

    
    bal push --repository=local
    ```

>     Note: FHIR services use some Ballerina language Java dependecies and these will be pulled from the Github packages. To do that, it requires an [access token from Github](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-apache-maven-registry#authenticating-to-github-packages), hence add the below server config to your m2 settings.xml file resides under <M2_Home>/confs/ directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note: FHIR service uses some Ballerina language Java dependencies available as Github packages. To access them during the build, it requires an [access token from Github](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-apache-maven-registry#authenticating-to-github-packages)  with the scope `read:packages`. Hence add the below server config to your Maven's settings.xml file resides under <M2_Home>/confs/ directory.
```

>     Note: FHIR service uses some Ballerina language Java dependencies available as Github packages. To access them during the build, it requires an [access token from Github](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-apache-maven-registry#authenticating-to-github-packages)  with the scope `read:packages`. Hence add the below server config to your Maven's settings.xml file resides under `<M2_Home>/confs/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note: FHIR service uses some Ballerina language Java dependencies available as Github packages. To access them during the build, it requires an [access token from Github](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-apache-maven-registry#authenticating-to-github-packages)  with the scope `read:packages`. Hence add the below server config to your Maven's settings.xml file located under `<M2_Home>/confs/` directory.
```
